Update "Use Origin Trials in Microsoft Edge" per new OT portal (a backup PR) (#3289)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/origin-trials/index.md

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Developer guidelines

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Allowed origins

Edge origin trials only support SSL-enabled domains. For localhost testing of a feature, please use the appropriate Edge Feature Flag located in `edge://flags`. In the future, we may publish public tokens that are valid for localhost testing. 

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Subdomains, URL paths, and query parameters

<!-- ---------- -->
###### Subdomains

Origin trial tokens can be configured to support any of the following:
* A single domain, without supporting its subdomains.  For example, register `https://example.com`, and in the **Subdomain Support** section, select the **No** option button.
* A single subdomain.  For example, register `https://beta.example.com`, and in the **Subdomain Support** section, select the **No** option button.
* A domain and its subdomains.  For example, register `https://example.com`, and in the **Subdomain Support** section, select the **Yes** option button.

> <!-- todo: check section heading & option button labels at microsoft.com portal; the above ui is from github.io portal -->

Author: is the section heading at new portal "Subdomain Support"?
is the option button label "Yes" and "No"?
@leahmsft

Author: entered comment in PR 3288

<!-- ---------- -->
###### Paths in URLs, and query parameters

In URLs, paths and query parameters aren't supported by the origin trial system.  When registering for an origin trial, if a URI is submitted that has a trailing path or a query parameter, such as `https://example.com/path/new-feature`, the root domain (`https://example.com`) will be registered, without the trailing path or query parameter.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Duration of an origin trial

<!-- ---------- -->
###### A scheduled expiration date

> Once you have registered for a trial, your token will be valid until the expiration date that's listed on the origin trial's informational card.  After this date, the token will no longer function, and the feature that's associated with the trial will be considered ready to ship, or will be brought back<!-- todo: clarify "brought back" - removed from OT portal? --> for further development based on developer feedback. 

Author: Clarify - "brought back" means that the feature is being removed from the OT portal and is not being added to the next versions of the browser.  
need wording to contrast w/ "ready to ship"
@leahmsft

Author: in 3288, suggested changing to: 
 or the feature will be withheld for further development

<!-- ---------- -->
###### Early end

A browser feature team may decide to early-end an experiment; for example:
* If a security incident is caused by the feature.

> * If the feature team has collected enough feedback and has concluded that the currently proposed API doesn't meet the web developer needs, and a major redesign needs to happen.

Author: ```suggestion
* If the feature team has collected enough feedback and has concluded that the currently proposed API doesn't meet the needs of web developers, and a major redesign needs to happen.
```

Author: impl'd locally in PR 3288
